do not
since we are in a new tutorial of
minecraft on this occasion what I
I bring is an automatic dressing to the
pair of an emergency exit as
I mean you already know that I have
several walkthrough tutorials
automatic in the channel but none
like this one is the truth that I love
and I plan to build it my survival world
I have to say that the design is world
jumbo but I have improved it and I have
simplified this is the subtraction though
it takes just takes it and remains
how will it work, it's very easy
look here is my exit sign for
emergency and I'll put in game or of
zero for example so you can see what
I can do in survival imagine
that are attacking my house that comes in
musician that I just want to get out of
adventure quickly look I have not
no armor type I shot by the
hole and when I got down I appear
full diamond with a golden apple
I'm going to eat there and there's a
Diamond sword
I like this dressing room
automatic and I'm going to put a creative that
how it works so easy when I
I throw myself through the hole I'm going to activate
this rope that is in a court state
of activation and it's going to make the
dispenser I tell myself that in the armors
then fall she
equipped is great I love ya
I say the design is world and a bun
I have just improved it and it is
simplified I will leave your channel the
description of the video for you to see
and nothing we pass to the constitution what
first thing we have to do is our
I floor our platform of our house
where we want to build our
automatic dressing
we are looking for a center I want this one
be my center where I take off my armor
over power pink and flower then from this
meaning I'm going to upload three blocks of
height very well your boat that I blocked and
eliminated the two blocks below there
is now this block from the center
play a cross around with what
which placed a block on each side like this
perfect now I put myself in the center
this is going to be my roof is worth the clear
I put myself in the center of my roof and
touch place dispensers not
dispensing welders on each side
looking towards the center you see
and I can already delete the center block
this one from the roof eliminated it
completely very well now I get
looking towards my circuit like this and the
dispenser of the left and of the
right I put two blocks on top of
each one so by dispensing from the
left of the right forgive me of
left two blocks and three above and
now from the second block towards the
right took one I'm going next to the
left of the second block towards the
left he pulled another and eliminated these
blocks here just left this floating
to the right and this is floating to the
left now I'm going to need hooks
I do not know if many people will know
how they work but what it does is that
when I place two hooks and one
string medium and passing through the medium
he activates me and sends me a pulse of rectum
so then when I fall I will
just pass by here and he will send me a
pulse to activate the cool dispense
then a hook on each side and
one of rope in the middle look great
I'm looking at the circuit from alante
as always I have not moved it since
now the hook on the right I have to
take out a block shaped staircase
to the right and down
connect it with these dispenser from here and
here you will see it rest a rest what
you see this hook to the right and
down and now I turn around and
I do the same thing on this side towards the
right and down I put the rest a
rest is worth it now I would need to place two
dispenses more see where the arrest falls
in position of falls is the rest there goes
another dispenser plus I'll place it there and
on the other side there is a total of
6 dispenser now just me
I would make my roof to do my
roof I have to look for the center I'm going to
do the same thing I'm going to do the cross look
and here I have the center see it and I do not
I can paste this block below because
is the hook so this block
over the hook and I make my roof
simply here is for now according to
the time you have then it is to go
more up to paris - you will make a roof more
nice more cute like mine if you want
you can cover all this, nothing happens
so you can not see there is an example
although that is the less compact version
then I have made it more compact
and it's very easy I'm going to teach you now
that works perfectly I'm going to put
here some caps I'm going to retaliate
obviously let's see here I put some
caps here I'm going to put some
pants I say that I love that
I plan to build it in my survival yes or
yes because I find it a low way
super fun to leave adventure not
you throw in there
Needless to say, of course, of course
Needless to say, what can you put in
dispense what you want you do not have
why put armor can throw yourself
a peak a shovel there is a full armor
iron and every time he said and I'm going to
look at you throw here scoop shovel and full
iron to see if you already equipped me all
perfect voucher and down here in the center
where it falls I recommend not to take it off
no heart put a cube of water
there and so when you fall you will fall with the
armor in a safe area, I'll go
to teach how it works again I
I'm here lalala I'll tell you mine
I shot more and good and one appeared
golden apple and a sword but
you can appear as I say full
iron with pick and shovel I hope you have
liked this video the truth that to me
I love making videos so you can
enjoy and you can learn more from
rest although this one has not taken much
but I already tell you that it is very useful if I
I think that building what has
liked like favorites subscribe
follow me on google + on twitter and we
we see in the next tutorial
Thank you